Bastien is working as a lawyer in a firm. It is a big company. Bastien likes to have a drink in the evening. He is a very attractive guy. People are always talking to him.            He is very smart and has a lot of friends. He also has a very nice car. He is an honest guy.            
One night, Bastien went out to the bar with some friends from work. They had a lot of fun and had a few drinks. Later that night, Bastien was in the car and left his keys at the bar. He never gets anything wrong.            
When Bastien was at school, his dad had a heart attack. When his dad got better, it was like everything went back to the way it was. Bastien's mom got worse and worse. The day that Bastien graduated from high school his mother died. All of a sudden, Bastien lost the last person in his family.            
After the funeral, Bastien went back to his mother's hometown. In the small town Bastien's mother was born, no one knew who Bastien was. They were friendly but didn't ask him the important questions. Bastien felt alone.            
Bastien decided to live at the train station in Lausanne. He took a room and he had his breakfast there. He felt uncomfortable. But he had no choice. In the evening while eating, Bastien saw a man. It was the first time he saw someone different than an old man. He was in his 30s and Bastien could tell that he was good looking.
The man said to Bastien: “Hi, you're new here.”            
Bastien said to man: “Yes, you're not the first person to have told me that.”            
The man said: “This is a big town. I guess you'll have trouble finding a bar at night.”            
Bastien said: “That's a big problem.            
The man said: “Let me take you to a bar that we always go to.”            
The man then drove Bastien to a bar.            
As Bastien was walking into the bar he saw a man who was drinking alcohol. The man said to Bastien: “My friends call me Nacim.”            
Bastien didn't like the smell of alcohol, but he followed Nacim into the bar.
At the bar, the man introduced Bastien to four girls. They were beautiful. The women were friends of Bastien's mother.            
Nacim then said: “I have something to tell you, Bastien.”            
Bastien said: “What is it?”            
Nacim said: “I am married and I would ask you the same question.            
Bastien said: “If only you had told me that earlier.”            
Nacim said: “You have a wonderful mother.”            
Bastien said: “I don't have a mother.”            
Nacim then said: “I've had a very bad day. Can I tell you something?”            
Bastien said: “Of course you tell me what's going on.”            
Nacim then went on to say: “My wife is cheating on me.             
Bastien found Bastien's mom on Facebook. She started to become more and more lonely.           
One day, she went to bed at the old part of town where Bastien lived. Bastien couldn't sleep, because he was looking at his mother.            
He then decided to go outside to the balcony and watch the stars.            
As he was thinking about the stars he realized that the stars were the same all over the world. He thought about the way he felt when he looked at a beautiful woman. He also noticed the difference between looking at the stars in the country from where his mother was born, as opposed to looking at the stars in the country his mother was born. He realized that she loved him.            
Then Bastien's mother joined Facebook. She started to send Bastien a lot of messages and she also send them to Bastien.            
Bastien found his mother on Facebook. He started to reply and send her love letters. Soon his mother became curious. She was thinking that maybe she could start a new life with Bastien.            Bastien's mother decided to go back to Germany to her hometown. Bastien knew that she was ready to have a new life and was just waiting for the right opportunity to happen.            Bastien started to think of a plan that was good enough to make sure this would never happen again.            He decided to call Nacim and see if he would agree to get his wife to move back to Germany.            Nacim said he would try.            
One day, the man and Bastien were sitting in the bar. Nacim said: “That's her. She comes here every evening.            
Bastien said: “I see her. Who is she?”            
Nacim said: “She is Bastien's mom.”            
Bastien was shocked.            
Bastien said: “I don't understand. Why was she here?”            
Nacim said: “She was sad because she couldn't talk to Bastien. I asked her to follow me and she agreed.            
Bastien said: “Why did she think she could talk to me?”            
Nacim said: “She thought maybe she could talk to Bastien about you.”            
Bastien was shocked.            
Bastien said: “No, that's not possible.            
She loves me very much.            
Nacim said: “I think it's the only explanation. I think when you told her you would find Nacim for her, you gave her hope. She found hope and she started to think that she could have a new life.”            
Bastien said: “She can't be happy with that person.”            
Nacim said: “You are right. How can she be happy?            
I just hope that she will find someone nice who will love her and who will love you too.”    